I think people asada will be the youngest record player in the cast.
Have you ever seen a talk show like this before?
How about now trembling little hearts 4
I have to get a good place to do it, but I think I should do well .
Not just me adjuster so that dialogue so comfortable talking himsseuda
You can go. Yeah . 20. You like it.
4 haetgeodeunyo relatives of our 20 s but then the singing Come to talk
I was not on top of the new one.
At that time, I was in one minute.
Now I have been in front of the apartment in Korea before why I was so surprised that the super-
My dad called me and said something.
Ask if you can go throw the ball around Haeju in the air five days Search interns ah
And yireonikka my issues come just ¥ s my feeling that such cultural heritage is raised
How was it
It was good.
Well County Place il sun is Mir
U
wise sonus faber
so serious
Ah html times lee so ra
I'm well entertained paste c overseas
dsc paseo de wan thought
Is the first deuneunga any comments from Jays lg
Uh, I have four No. 120 Tuesday, I appeared in the past to any radio in the past
News
When you look at the guitar,
I 've never done it before.
And then I found out that I had the first recycle .
Click Yes when you write so the talk show in Busan, a pecking ahbisak Applications
When is the last time you hit this one?
I'm a little did the word mean look at the sky to fly 4
We have to work together in this band that we talk about gardening haeteotneunde
If the opportunity would you like to do if you really are
If the word opportunity, I want to try again in a band again 20 fans are very
It's okay to be great.
I hope it will be an opportunity for me, but I am still solo
Four more right 4
Also like Oh So to prevent further extending the Korea Jess is a gift beyond me how negative
So much I want to go I want to know what the unit is now 20 bars
Chamber of Commerce and Industry
I think you'll like want to beat your feet like yesterday I'm hamae yueol alcohol 4
Let's do it now 4
U
Thank you.
town
U